#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.6
    # via shimoku-api-python
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
ansi2html==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
anyio==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
association-metrics==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
associations==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   visions
blinker==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
category-encoders==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   databricks-cli
    #   flask
    #   mlflow
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
    #   pycaret
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   yellowbrick
cython==3.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pmdarima
dacite==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
dash==2.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-resampler
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
databricks-cli==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
datetime==4.9
    # via shimoku-api-python
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sktime
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
docker==6.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.0
    # via nbformat
flask==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
    #   mlflow
fonttools==4.46.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
greenlet==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagehash==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
imbalanced-learn==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
importlib-metadata==7.0.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   mlflow
    #   pycaret
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
ipykernel==6.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   pycaret
    #   shimoku-api-python
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   mlflow
    #   pycaret
    #   ydata-profiling
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   phik
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-plot
json5==0.9.14
    # via shimoku-api-python
jsonschema==4.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
lightgbm==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
littleutils==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   outdated
llvmlite==0.41.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
mako==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markdown==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   pycaret
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   missingno
    #   mlflow
    #   phik
    #   pingouin
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-plot
    #   seaborn
    #   wordcloud
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
missingno==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mlflow==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multimethod==1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
    #   ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   visions
numba==0.58.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   ydata-profiling
numpy==1.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   contourpy
    #   imagehash
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   missingno
    #   mlflow
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   phik
    #   pingouin
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pmdarima
    #   pyarrow
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   tbats
    #   tsdownsample
    #   visions
    #   wordcloud
    #   xarray
    #   xgboost
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   databricks-cli
orjson==3.9.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-resampler
outdated==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pingouin
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deprecation
    #   docker
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   plotly
    #   pmdarima
    #   pytest
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   xarray
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   mlflow
    #   pandas-flavor
    #   phik
    #   pingouin
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   seaborn
    #   shimoku-api-python
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   visions
    #   xarray
    #   ydata-profiling
pandas-flavor==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pingouin
pandas-profiling==3.6.6
    # via -r requirements.in
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
patsy==0.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
phik==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
pillow==10.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
    #   wordcloud
pingouin==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
plotly==5.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pycaret
plotly-resampler==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
pmdarima==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
    #   tbats
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
protobuf==4.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
psutil==5.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   pycaret
    #   shimoku-api-python
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyarrow==14.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
pycaret==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
pydantic-core==2.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   databricks-cli
pyod==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pytest==7.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   datetime
    #   mlflow
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imagehash
pywin32==306
    # via
    #   docker
    #   jupyter-core
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
    #   ydata-profiling
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
querystring-parser==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
referencing==0.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
    #   databricks-cli
    #   docker
    #   mlflow
    #   outdated
    #   pycaret
    #   shimoku-api-python
    #   ydata-profiling
retrying==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
rpds-py==0.13.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
schemdraw==0.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
scikit-base==0.5.2
    # via sktime
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   mlflow
    #   pingouin
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-plot
    #   sktime
    #   tbats
    #   yellowbrick
scikit-plot==0.3.7
    # via pycaret
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   imagehash
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   missingno
    #   mlflow
    #   phik
    #   pingouin
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-plot
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   tbats
    #   xgboost
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   pingouin
    #   ydata-profiling
shimoku-api-python==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shimoku-components-catalog==0.2.1
    # via shimoku-api-python
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   databricks-cli
    #   patsy
    #   pyod
    #   python-dateutil
    #   querystring-parser
    #   retrying
sktime==0.21.1
    # via pycaret
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.23
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   mlflow
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via mlflow
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   pingouin
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   ydata-profiling
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   pingouin
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.2.0
    # via visions
tbats==1.1.3
    # via pycaret
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via
    #   plotly
    #   shimoku-api-python
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   pycaret
    #   shimoku-api-python
    #   ydata-profiling
trace-updater==0.0.9.1
    # via plotly-resampler
traitlets==5.14.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbformat
tsdownsample==0.1.2
    # via plotly-resampler
typeguard==4.1.5
    # via ydata-profiling
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   dash
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typeguard
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   docker
    #   pmdarima
    #   requests
visions[type-image-path]==0.7.5
    # via
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
waitress==2.1.2
    # via mlflow
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via docker
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
wordcloud==1.9.3
    # via ydata-profiling
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated
xarray==2023.12.0
    # via pandas-flavor
xgboost==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
xxhash==3.4.1
    # via pycaret
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
ydata-profiling==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-profiling
yellowbrick==1.5
    # via pycaret
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-interface==6.1
    # via datetime

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
